hello today we will bake pies with
potatoes first need to do
stuffing for this we need
potatoes onions salt and black
pepper
I clean the potatoes I clean the onions Potatoes I cook onions
fry in vegetable oil
after the potatoes have boiled onions
roasted must be done
mashed potatoes to be
act as a filling for our
mashed pies of course better to do on
milk
but I don't have milk now a river behind it
shop honestly lazy i will
use the water which was brewed
add some salt add potatoes
pepper and do the most ordinary
mashed potatoes in principle can be immediately
add the onions and filling for pies
ready but it must be cooled with us
on the street now plus 5 degrees so
I'll leave mashed potatoes for a while on
the balcony until the filling cools down let's
let's prepare the dough for
pies
for the dough we need 3 cups of flour
1 cup warm water or warm milk
50 grams of cooking oil instead
vegetable oil can use
cream or margarine three teaspoons
sugar 1 tsp salt and 8 grams
high speed dry yeast
you can knead the dough with your hands, but I
I will use the bread machine to pour water
add vegetable oil then
add flour
one spoon of salt 3 tablespoons of sugar
pour out the yeast
I launch the bread machine and after 10 15 minutes
I will have ready dough
as soon as the dough is well mixed
you can begin to use
I put the dough into 4 equal parts after
this me
roll out each of the parts put inside
stuffing and it will be possible the whole thing
bake telling all very simple
most ordinary rolling pin like this
about the way
take the stuffing
spread on the far edge
thereafter
spin the roll
after the videos are ready it
need to split this is done
back of the hand
more precisely rib probably yes back
the side is rib here edge of palm
right in the middle of this roll do
such cutting movements and it turns out
small patties are made
like this
I put it on a baking tray
parchment paper spread on it
pies grease them with beaten egg
I warm up the oven for about 10 minutes
maximum then I set at 190
degrees govern it
patties total baking time 30 minutes
but since my oven bakes
unevenly after 15 minutes I need
will flip against 15 minutes have passed
now you need to open the oven and
turn the pan
Naturally I will use mitts
because the temperature inside is enough
high past another 15 minutes pasty
should be ready let's see what
we got such we
turned out pies let's one of them
cut
let's see what's inside
Here is the stuffing cakes and because
I have done this many times already
simple result is always obtained
great so try and you on
today, like everyone, subscribe
per channel